falling apart
Oh Draculaura stealing my heart ha
shouting movie make me howl of the moon
this clearly now you so big I even
though you so far and do says Stokoe
time these are my bones my skeleton Krew
a little strange but so are you
have never been to slumber party before
aha slumber parties are the best
sometimes we just need to stay up all
night and catch up and give each other
make over and do each other's Tony and
talk about boys aren't you forgetting
gargoyles to gargoyles what is these
gargoyles to gargoyles
ríos favorite party game we play it
every time we stay over I happen to be
undefeated before I diabolical demon
card woo lose 500 points
you're out cam I mean boo I think I'm
going to go into the bathroom and cry a
mountain troll ruins your hair and
makeup before school pictures Clawdeen's
out oh I better go in the other room
before I make a scene you know you still
have one car that you can play right I
have a Double Trouble card which means I
can take any opponent out with me and I
choose Frankie oh dang I guess it's just
you and me
Abbi your move looks like you've
stumbled into the fire pools of moment
police I have royal reversal cup we
trade places you are now in pools of
fire what I don't give it call it quick
time out this was good move now we love
gargoyles to gargoyles but Cleo is super
competitive
better move is to let Clea win what
point of playing game if you just let
her win a cave or troll social network
lose it Donna
Couture wizard curses your closet go
back five spaces a wooden infects your
phone lose 1,000 points it is over you
are out I win oh my bra finally a worthy
competitor we're playing this game all
night oh let's do
you